# grocery-store
## Brandon Parkerson
This project was meant to demonstrate my ability to perform object oriented programming while providing code that meant industry standards. The goal of this project was to read data from a file and output the desired affect from the user. The main functionality was to keep track of stock from a grocery store. This meant counting and displaying the amount of items in stock. There is a user interface that has different options of displaying this functionality. 
What I did well in this project was actually utilizing classes in an organized fashion. I had been struggling with implementing this concept into my code and I finally got the hang of it. Accomplishing this makes my code more maintainable and more secure. I could enhance my code by not having notes on almost every line. On most of the lines of code a person can just look at and understand the purpose of it. It just makes the code too messy. 
The code that was the most challenging to write was creating the class itself and adding method's to it. In order to overcome this challenge, I had to talk myself through the code that I was reading and fully understand the problem I was trying to solve. 
The ability to break the project down into small parts is a skill that I will take with me forever. I made this program maintainable and readable by explaining the code with notes and having understandable names for the classes and methods being used. Utilizing classes in this project makes the project a lot more adaptable in the future as someone can just adjust the method's being used if such an action is required. 
